It's Li Jing
You are famous
He's the first female war god of Great Xia
I can't afford it.
You know it
Jin Feng, you have to understand
This invitation letter is from me to you
Without me in your capacity
But never can
Who asked you to take the Xuanyuan sword?
Let go why should I panic
I took back this sword
Breeze
This guy's here.
Do you still dare to impersonate Qing Jun?
I Am Who I Am
Why impersonate?
You are such a big boy.
Here it is today.
Everyone can beat you
And you
Humble as planned
Short as a bucket
Losses like hoes
Do you dare to call yourself halal
When I have a feast, I am jealous
Do you really think Tang Ying, the god of war on the eight rings
Is there someone to protect you?
Now that Emperor Ning's God of War has arrived, you are still so arrogant
Do you look good when Emperor Ning God of War makes a move?
sister
Don't you know how crazy he was before you came?
Relying on Tang Xuening to support
They don't care about all of us.
It's not because of Tang Ying's God of War
A down-and-out warlord who has been retired for many years
What other confidence can I take out?
He can be so domineering
It's just because I'm engaged to him
Qin Feng, I will let you know today
You are to me
Like these arms under my feet
Today I wish you a ride
I will divorce you